LICENSE AGREEMENT: TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE

IMPORTANT NOTICE.  THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN 
YOU (EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR A SINGLE ENTITY) AND ZABARAKATRANEMIA OR 
ANY SUBSIDIARY, AND ITS SUPPLIERS ("ZABKAT"). BY INSTALLING OR USING 
THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, 
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT 
AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THIS SOFTWARE IN ANY WAY 
AND PROMPTLY RETURN THE SOFTWARE AND ALL ACCOMPANYING MATERIALS TO 
YOUR PLACE OF PURCHASE.

LICENSE GRANT.  ZABKAT grants you a non-exclusive license to use this 
software, and any associated documentation ("Software") as indicated 
herein.  If you have purchased a Single User License, you may install 
and use one copy of the Software EITHER on any computer you have 
exclusive access to, OR to a single computer accessible by many users.
The Software is in "use" on a computer when it has been loaded into
temporary memory (i.e. RAM) or installed into permanent memory (e.g. 
hard disk or other storage device) of that computer.  For multi-user
multi-computer use you must purchase a Multiple User License that 
enables you to install and use the Software on the number of 
computers authorized at the time of purchase.

OTHER RESTRICTIONS.  You shall not: (a) remove any product 
identification, copyright notices, or other notices or proprietary 
restrictions from this Software; (b) sell, lease, rent, transfer, copy 
or distribute this Software; (c) cause or permit reverse engineering, 
disassembly, decompilation or alteration of this Software except and 
only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by 
applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.

COPYRIGHT/OWNERSHIP.  This Software is licensed and not sold. This 
Software and its source code are proprietary products of ZABKAT and 
are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You 
acquire only the right to use the Software and do not acquire any 
rights, express or implied, in the Software or media containing the 
Software other than those specified in this License.  ZABKAT shall at 
all times retain all rights, title, interest, including intellectual 
property rights, in the Software and media.

TERM.  This License is effective until terminated.  You may terminate 
it at any time by destroying the Software, together with all copies 
thereof. This license will also terminate if you fail to comply with 
any term or condition of this Agreement.  Upon such termination, you 
agree to destroy the Software, together with all copies thereof.

TRADEMARKS.  ZABKAT, and other names of ZABKAT and ZABKAT products 
referred to herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of ZABKAT 
in the United Kingdom and other countries.  All other brands and 
product names are trademarks of their respective holders.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED 'AS IS' AND 
YOU, ITS USER, ASSUME ALL RISKS WHEN INSTALLING OR USING IT.  TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ZABKAT DISCLAIMS ALL 
WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE.  
ZABKAT DISCLAIMS THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS 
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. ZABKAT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE IS 
NON-INFRINGING, THAT IT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT ITS 
OPERATION WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR-FREE OR VIRUS-FREE. 
 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL ZABKAT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (WHICH SHALL INCLUDE WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES 
FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF 
BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) WHETHER BASED ON 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR 
INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ZABKAT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
 
MISCELLANEOUS.  In the event of invalidity of any provision of this 
Agreement, the parties agree that such invalidity shall not affect the 
validity of the remaining portions.  The Agreement is governed by the 
laws of United Kingdom. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for 
the International Sale of Goods is specifically disclaimed.  This is 
the entire agreement between you and ZABKAT, which supersedes any 
prior agreement, whether written or oral, relating to this subject 
matter.
